README.md, before:

<div align="center" style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; justify-content: center; align-items: center; gap: 1em; margin: 4em 0;">

<img src="./misc/Banner.png" />
<img src="./misc/GenerateScreenshot.png" style="width: 400px; max-width: 600px; flex-grow: 1;" />
<img src="./misc/EditScreenshot.png" style="width: 400px; max-width: 600px; flex-grow: 1;" />

<h3>👋 Welcome to StableStudio, the open-source version of <a href="https://dreamstudio.ai" target="_blank">DreamStudio</a>!</h3>

**🗺 Contents – [🚀 Quick Start](#quick-start) · [ℹ️ About](#about) · [🙋 FAQ](#faq) · [🧑‍💻 Contributing](#contributing)**

**📚 Documentation – [🎨 UI](./packages/stablestudio-ui/README.md) · [🔌 Plugins](./packages/stablestudio-plugin/README.md) · <a href="https://platform.stability.ai" target="_blank">⚡️ platform.stability.ai</a>**

**🔗 Links – <a href="https://discord.com/channels/1002292111942635562/1108055793674227782" target="_blank">🎮 Discord</a> · <a href="https://dreamstudio.ai" target="_blank">🌈 DreamStudio</a> · <a href="https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/issues">🛟 Bugs & Support</a> · <a href="https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/discussions">💬 Discussion</a>**

<br />
<br />

</div>

# <a id="quick-start" href="#quick-start">🚀 Quick Start</a>

You'll need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed. Then run the following commands to install dependencies and launch StableStudio.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio.git
```

```bash
cd StableStudio
```

```bash
yarn
```

```bash
yarn dev
```

_**That's it! 🎉**_

StableStudio will be running at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) by default.

> If you are using the default Stability API plugin, You'll need to have your [API key](https://platform.stability.ai/docs/getting-started/authentication) handy. Otherwise, you should be good to go!

# <a id="about" href="#about">About</a>

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center; gap: 1em; margin: 0 0 2em 0;">
  <img src="./misc/PainterWithRobot.png" style="flex-grow: 1; flex-shrink: 1;" />
</div>

StableStudio is [Stability AI](https://stability.ai)'s official open-source variant of [DreamStudio](https://www.dreamstudio.ai), our user interface for generative AI. It is a web-based application that allows users to create and edit generated images. We're not entirely sure where this project is going just yet, but we're excited to see what the community does with it!

# <a id="faq" href="#faq">FAQ</a>

### What's the difference between StableStudio and [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai)?

_Not much!_ There are a few tweaks we made to make the project more community-friendly:

- We removed [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai)-specific branding.

- All "over-the-wire" API calls have been replaced by a [plugin system](./packages/stablestudio-plugin/README.md) which allows you to easily swap out the back-end.

  - With a little bit of TypeScript, you can [create your own plugin](./packages/stablestudio-plugin/README.md) and use StableStudio with any back-end you want!

- We removed Stability-specific account features such as billing, API key management, etc.

  - These features are still available at [DreamStudio's account page](https://dreamstudio.ai/account).

### Will [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai) still be supported?

_Yes!_ Stability's hosted deployment of StableStudio will remain [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai). It will continue to get updates and stay up-to-date with StableStudio whenever possible.

# <a id="contributing" href="#contributing">🧑‍💻 Contributing</a>

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center; gap: 1em; margin: 0 0 2em 0;">
  <img src="./misc/ProgrammingRobots.png" style="flex-grow: 1; flex-shrink: 1;" />
</div>

_**Community contributions are encouraged!**_

**The UI package's [README](./packages/stablestudio-ui/README.md) is a great place to start.** Bug fixes, documentation, general clean-up, new features, etc. are all welcome.

Here are some useful links...

- [Discussion](https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/discussions)
- [Open Issues](https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/issues)
- [Open Pull Requests](https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/pulls)
- [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Commit message:

Add project setup to run with Docker

README.md, after:

<div align="center" style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; justify-content: center; align-items: center; gap: 1em; margin: 4em 0;">

<img src="./misc/Banner.png" />
<img src="./misc/GenerateScreenshot.png" style="width: 400px; max-width: 600px; flex-grow: 1;" />
<img src="./misc/EditScreenshot.png" style="width: 400px; max-width: 600px; flex-grow: 1;" />

<h3>👋 Welcome to StableStudio, the open-source version of <a href="https://dreamstudio.ai" target="_blank">DreamStudio</a>!</h3>

**🗺 Contents – [🚀 Quick Start](#quick-start) · [🐳 Docker Start](#docker-start) · [ℹ️ About](#about) · [🙋 FAQ](#faq) · [🧑‍💻 Contributing](#contributing)**

**📚 Documentation – [🎨 UI](./packages/stablestudio-ui/README.md) · [🔌 Plugins](./packages/stablestudio-plugin/README.md) · <a href="https://platform.stability.ai" target="_blank">⚡️ platform.stability.ai</a>**

**🔗 Links – <a href="https://discord.com/channels/1002292111942635562/1108055793674227782" target="_blank">🎮 Discord</a> · <a href="https://dreamstudio.ai" target="_blank">🌈 DreamStudio</a> · <a href="https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/issues">🛟 Bugs & Support</a> · <a href="https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/discussions">💬 Discussion</a>**

<br />
<br />

</div>

# <a id="quick-start" href="#quick-start">🚀 Quick Start</a>

You'll need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed. Then run the following commands to install dependencies and launch StableStudio.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio.git
```

```bash
cd StableStudio
```

```bash
yarn
```

```bash
yarn dev
```

_**That's it! 🎉**_

StableStudio will be running at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) by default.

> If you are using the default Stability API plugin, You'll need to have your [API key](https://platform.stability.ai/docs/getting-started/authentication) handy. Otherwise, you should be good to go!

# <a id="docker-start" href="#docker-start"> 🐳 Docker Start</a>

The easiest way to launch StableStudio locally is by using docker.
A convenient setup script is provided to help you get started.

```bash
./setup.sh --docker
```

_**That's it! 🎉**_

StableStudio will be running at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) by default.

# <a id="about" href="#about">About</a>

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center; gap: 1em; margin: 0 0 2em 0;">
  <img src="./misc/PainterWithRobot.png" style="flex-grow: 1; flex-shrink: 1;" />
</div>

StableStudio is [Stability AI](https://stability.ai)'s official open-source variant of [DreamStudio](https://www.dreamstudio.ai), our user interface for generative AI. It is a web-based application that allows users to create and edit generated images. We're not entirely sure where this project is going just yet, but we're excited to see what the community does with it!

# <a id="faq" href="#faq">FAQ</a>

### What's the difference between StableStudio and [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai)?

_Not much!_ There are a few tweaks we made to make the project more community-friendly:

- We removed [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai)-specific branding.

- All "over-the-wire" API calls have been replaced by a [plugin system](./packages/stablestudio-plugin/README.md) which allows you to easily swap out the back-end.

  - With a little bit of TypeScript, you can [create your own plugin](./packages/stablestudio-plugin/README.md) and use StableStudio with any back-end you want!

- We removed Stability-specific account features such as billing, API key management, etc.

  - These features are still available at [DreamStudio's account page](https://dreamstudio.ai/account).

### Will [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai) still be supported?

_Yes!_ Stability's hosted deployment of StableStudio will remain [DreamStudio](https://dreamstudio.ai). It will continue to get updates and stay up-to-date with StableStudio whenever possible.

# <a id="contributing" href="#contributing">🧑‍💻 Contributing</a>

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center; gap: 1em; margin: 0 0 2em 0;">
  <img src="./misc/ProgrammingRobots.png" style="flex-grow: 1; flex-shrink: 1;" />
</div>

_**Community contributions are encouraged!**_

**The UI package's [README](./packages/stablestudio-ui/README.md) is a great place to start.** Bug fixes, documentation, general clean-up, new features, etc. are all welcome.

Here are some useful links...

- [Discussion](https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/discussions)
- [Open Issues](https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/issues)
- [Open Pull Requests](https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio/pulls)
- [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
